With the increase in the organizations reliance on the technology, 
implementing information security within an organization has become very dominant. 
Traditionally, organizations manage information security through policies and mechanisms 
that employees are expected to comply with, directives what employee can or cannot do.
 Sometimes employee tries to circumvent these policies to achieve his own productivity goals. 
They devise workaround to achieve their primary business goals and develop their
 own security measures. This is called shadow security. 
 The paper which was referred for our study, henceforth called the base paper
  is “Shadow Security as a tool for the learning organization” by Ivanovos Kirlappos, 
  Simon Parkin and M. Angela Sasse”. The base paper studies the cause, 
  impact and use of shadow security for learning in organizations and improving security measures.
The Co-op Education course here in Santa Clara university has been very interesting and helpful to me. Apart from learning about various facets of the software industry, I have also garnered knowledge about many things which are not normally part of academic teachings and yet they are integral to work and succeed in our career. There were many topics apart from the regular coursework that were discussed which I believe will be important for working not only in Silicon Valley but beyond this as well.

The course opened with the lecture on optimizing our professional development where the dos and don’ts for the tedious and often dispiriting process of finding a job position. IT was definitely the need of the hour as many students are embarking on the search for work positions. The were other important lectures on improving the communication skills at work place through cultural style flexing, building effective teams between men and women and the last lecture was working in multicultural teams.
The Co-op Education course here in Santa Clara university has been very interesting and helpful to me. Apart from learning about various facets of the software industry, I have also garnered knowledge about many things which are not normally part of academic teachings and yet they are integral to work and succeed in our career. There were many topics apart from the regular coursework that were discussed which I believe will be important for working not only in Silicon Valley but beyond this as well.

The course opened with the lecture on optimizing our professional development where the dos and don’ts for the tedious and often dispiriting process of finding a job position. IT was definitely the need of the hour as many students are embarking on the search for work positions. The were other important lectures on improving the communication skills at work place through cultural style flexing, building effective teams between men and women and the last lecture was working in multicultural teams.
  or gytdd
  yuu
  the
  or
  or
  pljhuggy or
  